To sum up this lesson, when you first start learning the keyboard shortcuts, you might not feel any
faster. Actually,
you might feel slower.
That's because it's something totally new for your brain,
and therefore, it might be uncomfortable.
I really know this feeling.
But trust me, the fastest people in PowerPoint use shortcuts and that can be you.
So don't give up and practice.
The best method of memorizing, which I can recommend, is using the sticky notes, you can just write
down a number of shortcuts and place it to your computer screen.
You can also use the sticky notes application for Windows. And, of course, put your shortcuts to use
every time you work on any presentation.